This lesson I want to have some more fun with arrays.
So we saw earlier how useful arrays can be and when we converted these arrays with functions we can
do even more.
So let's set up an array and we're just going to call it my R and then we need to add in some values
within this array.
So let's create some names.
And let's create a few of them so that we have some content populated here within our array.
So that's good enough so we've got three names sitting within our array.
And now let's create a function and this function will show the names.
And we're not going to have any parameters within this function but we're still going to be able to
grab that information as we're passing it in.
And this is one of the really neat things about javascript's because there's quite a bit of flexibility
to it.
So let's log it.
First of all let's log out console console log and log out the arguments.
So notice that we haven't passed any variable called arguments but I'm able to console log arguments.
So first of all do you think this is going to work do you think I'm going to throw some type of error.
What do you think is going to happen here.
When I invoke this function and I pass through my or RE values.
So let's try it out and see what happens.
So interestingly enough we actually do pass through those values and we can pick it up using the javascript
reserved word arguments.
So basically within arguments we see that we can pass in and we've got an array and we've got four items
within that array.
So if we wanted to get access to the first item I can do arguments bracket's zero.
Let's go take a closer look.
So what you think is going to get returned here.
And if you said that we're going to get that whole array of values within the arguments you're correct
so we're going to pass through and we're going to grab that array.
So basically the array is being passed over as an argument.
And next let's add in one more thing.
So let's type in Javascript.
So we're going to pass in a number of parameters here.
So let's refresh it again.
And here we see that we actually create an array of two items.
So we can comma separated out and we can pick up the values that are being passed in there by using
this keyword arguments.
And the more we pass in there we do get an array and that means that we can loop through the array if
the need is there.
So if we weren't sure how many arguments were passing through we could essentially loop through it and
then we could also pick up this my array.
So our first argument is actually an array.
And we know that we can loop through that as well.
So what we want you to do now is try the suit for yourself.
Create a simple array and then passing that information within a function and then pick up that those
arguments without having parameters there within your function
and loop through those and output the within your console.
So go ahead and try that out within your editor.